# Core Video

Process digital video, including manipulation of individual frames, using a pipeline-based API and support for both Metal and OpenGL.

**Platforms:** iOS 4.0+ | iPadOS 4.0+ | Mac Catalyst 13.0+ | macOS 10.4+ | tvOS 9.0+ | visionOS 1.0+ | watchOS 4.0+

## Overview

Core Video provides a pipeline model for digital video. It simplifies working with video by partitioning the process into discrete steps. This makes it easier for developers to access and manipulate individual frames without having to worry about translating between data types or display synchronization issues. Apps that don't need to manipulate individual video frames don't need to use Core Video directly.

## Topics

### Data Processing
- **CVBuffer** - An abstract base class that defines how to interact with data buffers.
- **CVImageBuffer** - An interface for managing different types of image data.
- **CVPixelBuffer** - An image buffer that holds pixels in main memory.
- **CVPixelBufferPool** - A utility object for managing a recyclable set of pixel buffer objects.
- **CVPixelFormatDescription** - An API that provides functions and types for defining custom pixel formats.

### Time Management
- **CVTime** - A structure used for storing Core Video time values.
- **CVDisplayLink** - A high-priority thread that notifies your app when a given display will need each frame.

### Metal
- **CVMetalTextureCache** - A cache used to create and manage Metal texture objects.
- **CVMetalTexture** - A texture-based image buffer that supplies source image data for use with the Metal framework.

### OpenGL
- **CVOpenGLTextureCache** - A cache used to create and manage OpenGL texture objects.
- **CVOpenGLTexture** - A texture-based image buffer that supplies source image data to OpenGL.
- **CVOpenGLBuffer** - An image buffer used to store image data in video memory.
- **CVOpenGLBufferPool** - A utility object for managing a set of recyclable OpenGL buffer objects.

### OpenGL ES
- **CVOpenGLESTextureCache** - A cache used to create and manage OpenGL ES texture objects.
- **CVOpenGLESTexture** - A texture-based image buffer that supplies source image data to OpenGL ES.

### Core Video Error Constants
- **Result Codes** - Describes the result codes generated by Core Video operations.

### Data Types
- **Common data types** - Common data types used by the Core Video framework.

### Reference
- **Core Video Enumerations**
- **Core Video Constants**
- **Core Video Functions**

### Classes
- **CVMetalBufferCache**
- **CVReadOnlyPixelBuffer** - Provides an immutable view of the pixel data held by the pixel buffer. (Beta)

### Protocols
- **CVBufferRepresentable** - A sealed protocol intended to be implemented by the types in CoreVideo framework. This protocol facilitates Swift types that wrap a value of CVBuffer type. (Beta)
- **CVImageBufferRepresentable** - A sealed protocol intended to be implemented by the types in CoreVideo framework. This protocol facilitates Swift types that wrap a value of CVImageBuffer type. (Beta)
- **CVPixelBufferRepresentable** - A sealed protocol intended to be implemented by the types in CoreVideo framework. This protocol facilitates Swift types that wrap a value of CVPixelBuffer type. (Beta)

### Structures
- **CVError** - Wraps CVReturn values to present them as Swift Error values. This type is used for all errors thrown in the CoreVideo framework. All CVReturn values are provided as static constants. (Beta)
- **CVImageSize** - Size of image buffer expressed as pixel count. (Beta)
- **CVMutablePixelBuffer** - Provides read-write access to the pixel data and attachments. (Beta)
- **CVPixelBufferAttributes** - A partial set of pixel buffer creation attributes. This struct is useful for conveying partial requirements for pixel buffers to clients. This struct makes all properties of CVPixelBuffer/CreationAttributes optional. (Beta)
- **CVPixelBufferCreationAttributes** - Attributes needed for creating a pixel buffer. (Beta)
- **CVPixelBufferPadding** - Padding pixels around the CVPixelBuffer. (Beta)
- **CVPixelBufferPlaneProperties** - Properties of a plane of pixels in pixel buffer. (Beta)
- **CVPixelFormatDescription** - Defines a pixel format which can be used to create custom pixel buffer types. (Beta)
- **CVPixelFormatType** - Identifier for a pixel format type. (Beta)

### Variables
Multiple Beta variables for image buffer display mask rectangles and metadata keys.

### Functions
- **CVMetalBufferCacheCreate** - Creates a new Metal buffer cache.
- **CVMetalBufferCacheCreateBufferFromImage** - Creates a Metal buffer from an image buffer.
- **CVMetalBufferCacheFlush** - Flushes the Metal buffer cache.
- **CVMetalBufferCacheGetTypeID** - Returns the Core Foundation type identifier for the Metal buffer cache type.
- **CVMetalBufferGetBuffer** - Returns the Metal buffer backing a CVMetalBuffer.
- **CVMetalBufferGetTypeID** - Returns the Core Foundation type identifier for the Metal buffer type.
- **CVPixelBufferIsCompatibleWithAttributes** - Determines if a pixel buffer is compatible with given attributes.
- **CVPixelFormatTypeCopyFourCharCodeString** - Copies the FourCC string for a pixel format type. (Beta)

### Type Aliases
- **CVMetalBuffer**

### Enumerations
- **CVImageBufferOriginPosition** (Beta)

---

*Source: [Apple Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/CoreVideo)*